Fix  Flato et al., 2013, IPCC, Fig 9.8 (#1319)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_flato13ipcc.rst

IPCC AR5 Chapter 9
==================

Overview
--------

> The goal of this effort is to code up routines to reproduce Chapter 9 of AR5, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this recipe is to collect diagnostics to reproduce Chapter 9 of AR5, 
```

so that the plots can be readily reproduced and compared to previous CMIP 
versions. In this way we can next time start with what was available in the 
previous round and can focus on developing more innovative methods of analysis 
rather than constantly having to "re-invent the wheel".

> The plots will be done based on a collection of individual namelists. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plots are produced collecting the diagnostics from individual recipes. The 
```

      seasonality.

    * Figure 9.5: Climatological (1985-2005) annual-mean cloud radiative 
      effects in Wm-2 for the CMIP5 models against CERES EBAF (2001-2011) in 
      Wm-2. Top row shows the shortwave effect; middle row the longwave effect, 
      and bottom row the net effect. Multi-model-mean biases against CERES 
      EBAF 2.6 are shown on the left, whereas the right panels show zonal 
      averages from CERES EBAF 2.6 (black), the individual CMIP5 models (thin 
      gray lines), and the multi-model mean (thick red line).

    * Figure 9.8: Observed and simulated time series of the anomalies in annual 
      and global mean surface temperature. All anomalies are differences from 
      the 1961-1990 time-mean of each individual time series. The reference 
      period 1961-1990 is indicated by yellow shading; vertical dashed grey 
      lines represent times of major volcanic eruptions. Single simulations 
      for CMIP5 models (thin lines); multi-model mean (thick red line); 
      different observations (thick black lines). Dataset pre-processing like
      described in Jones et al., 2013.

> 

Reviewer: 9.42 missing

Available recipes and diagnostics
---------------------------------

Recipes are stored in esmvaltool/recipes/

    * recipe_flato13ipcc.yml

Diagnostics are stored in esmvaltool/diag_scripts/

    * clouds/clouds_bias.ncl: global maps of the multi-model mean and the multi-model
      mean bias
    * clouds/clouds_isccp: global maps of multi-model mean minus observations + zonal
      averages of individual models, multi-model mean and observations
    * ipcc_ar5/tsline.ncl: time series of the global mean (anomaly)

> 

Reviewer: Also list the scripts for 9.42 by @schlunma

Reviewer: Also below...
